Python `casefold()` method: add German "ß" example (#467)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/strings/terms/casefold/casefold.md

  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-python'
---

The `.casefold()` method returns a copy of a string with all characters in lowercase. It is similar to `.lower()`, but whereas that method deals purely with ASCII text, `.casefold()` can also convert Unicode characters.

## Syntax

```py
"String".casefold() # Output: string
```

## Example 1

Below is an example of `casefold()` being used to set all characters in a string to lowercase:

```py
my_string_1 = "THIS SHOULD ALL BE IN LOWERCASE!"
print(my_string_1.casefold())
```

The output would be:

```pseudo
this should all be in lowercase!
```

## Example 2

```py
my_string_2 = "this Should ALSO Be Entirely In Lowercase!"
print(my_string_2.casefold())
```

The output would be:

```pseudo
this should also be entirely in lowercase!
```

## Codebyte Example

> Again, `.casefold()` can convert a wider scope of characters than `.lower()` can, including characters unique to human languages. Take the German lowercase letter "ß", for example. While `.lower()` cannot convert it, `.casefold()` can convert it to "ss":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.casefold()` can convert a wider scope of characters than `.lower()` can, including characters unique to human languages. Take the German lowercase letter "ß", for example. While `.lower()` cannot convert it, `.casefold()` can convert it to "ss":
```

  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-python'
---

> Takes in a string, and returns a copy of the string with all characters in lower case. `casefold()` is similar to `lower()`, but whereas that method deals purely with ASCII text, `casefold()` can convert Unicode characters. Take the German lowercase letter "ß", for example. `lower()` does not convert it, but `casefold()` converts it to "ss".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Takes in a string, and returns a copy of the string with all characters in lower case. `.casefold()` is similar to `.lower()`, but whereas that method deals purely with ASCII text, `.casefold()` can also convert Unicode characters.
```

Reviewer 2: Since you added a codebyte example with the German sharp-S, I moved some of the text from here to there. 

Also, when referring to functions/methods in Docs entries, let's place a period before the method name: `.method()`

> Takes in a string, and returns a copy of the string with all characters in lower case. `casefold()` is similar to `lower()`, but whereas that method deals purely with ASCII text, `casefold()` converts more (unicode) characters. Take the German lowercase letter "ß", for example. `lower()` does not convert it, but `casefold()` converts it to "ss".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes in a string, and returns a copy of the string with all characters in lower case. `casefold()` is similar to `lower()`, but whereas that method deals purely with ASCII text, `casefold()` can convert Unicode characters. Take the German lowercase letter "ß", for example. `lower()` does not convert it, but `casefold()` converts it to "ss".
```

x = text.casefold()
print(x)
```

> ## Example 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example
```

> ## Codebyte Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example 3
```

All the other examples use codebyte snippets.

Reviewer: Whoops, that was my bad. For some reason thought the other examples were just snippets 😅 thanks for catching that

> Use `casefold()` to set all characters in a string to lower case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`casefold()` is used to set all characters in a string to lower case:
```

Changed this to be more declarative rather than suggestive. Nice codebyte usage 👍

> `casefold()` is used to set all characters in a string to lower case:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As stated before, `.casefold()` can convert a wider scope of characters than `.lower()` can, including characters unique to human languages. Take the German lowercase letter "ß", for example. While `.lower()` cannot convert it, `.casefold()` can convert it to "ss":
```
